# Math-110B-Final-Project
The steganography is a topic lying in the cryptography. It is concealing a file, message, image, or video within another file, message, image, or video. The project is not meant to create super powerful technique to conceal information, it is more concerned to get used to imaging processing libraries and optimization techniques. On the other hand, it also provides a challenge to think about how to detect the steganographic images without the original images. In this project, we deal with a special case: stegranography with images only. So unlike many practical scenes, for instance, encrypt text, document in images, this task might not be able to produce perfect recovery of information.
# Compile/ Run the code
The first task comes from Algorithm 101, LSB. The LSB is called least significant bits, which means you will replace the least significant bits of the original image with the secret image's most significant bits. This method will kill some information from both images, but the performance seems OK for general cases. The original and secret images are of same size. The second task use neural network to approximate encryption function part, in that paper, the authors claimed the encryption function part uses 5 layers of convolutional neural networks with 3x3, 4x4, 5x5 patches. The idea is only to approximate the mappings decryption  and  encryption function , the fully connected network should also work, but convolutional type is cheaper. A good way to combine DCT (discrete-cosine-transform) to reduce the information first on secret images (bypassing the prep network in the paper). References are easy to find by searching google with DCT keywords.
# Contributor
This project is based on reference paper "Hiding Images in Plain Sight:Deep Steganography" by Shumeet Baluja, unlike many popular steganographic methods, that encode the secret message within the least significant bits of the carrier image, their approach compresses and distributes the secret image’s representation across all of the available bits and "Steganography: Hiding an image inside another" by Kelvin Salton do Prado, which bring simple algorithm of LSB.
# Group member
Yunwei Du; Yining Dai; Wenyu Wu; Christy Lu
